Source: https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qtcore-attribution-sha3-endian.html

Secure Hash Algorithm SHA-3 - brg_endian, version 1.0.0



SHA-3, originally known as Keccak, is a cryptographic hash function.

Used in Qt Core (QCryptographicHash).

The sources can be found in qtbase/src/3rdparty/sha3/brg_endian.h.

upstream version: 1.0.0

Copyright (c) 1998-2013, Brian Gladman, Worcester, UK. All rights reserved.


BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License.

Copyright (c) 1998-2013, Brian Gladman, Worcester, UK. All rights reserved.

The redistribution and use of this software (with or without changes)
is allowed without the payment of fees or royalties provided that:

  source code distributions include the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer;

  binary distributions include the above copyright notice, this list
  of conditions and the following disclaimer in their documentation.

This software is provided 'as is' with no explicit or implied warranties
in respect of its operation, including, but not limited to, correctness
and fitness for purpose.








© 2026 The Qt Company Ltd.
   Documentation contributions included herein are the copyrights of
   their respective owners.     The documentation provided herein is licensed under the terms of the    GNU Free Documentation    License version 1.3 as published by the Free Software Foundation.     Qt and respective logos are     trademarks of The Qt Company Ltd. in Finland and/or other countries
   worldwide. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. 


                    

                
                
                    
                                            

                                    
            

        

    





    
        
            
                
                    
                    
                    
                

                
                    
                    
                    
                    
                

                
                        Contact Us
                


            

            
                

                        

  Qt Group
   
    Our Story

    Brand

    News

    Careers

    Investors

    Qt Products

    Software Quality Products

   

  Licensing
   
    License Agreement

    Open Source

    Plans and pricing

    Download

    FAQ

   

  Learn Qt
   
    For Learners

    For Students and Teachers

    Qt Documentation

    Qt Forum

   

  Support & Services
   
    Professional Services

    Customer Success

    Support Services

    Partners

    Qt World

   

 


      

   



        
            
                
                    
 
  © 2026 The Qt Company

  Feedback

 


                    Qt Group includes The Qt Company Oy and its global subsidiaries and affiliates.
