Source: https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qtcore-attribution-zlib.html

Data Compression Library (zlib), version 1.3.2



zlib is a general purpose data compression library.

Optionally used in Qt Core and development tools. Configure with -system-zlib to avoid.

The sources can be found in qtbase/src/3rdparty/zlib.

Project Homepage, upstream version: 1.3.2

(C) 1995-2026 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler


zlib License.

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu

If you use the zlib library in a product, we would appreciate *not* receiving
lengthy legal documents to sign.  The sources are provided for free but without
warranty of any kind.  The library has been entirely written by Jean-loup
Gailly and Mark Adler; it does not include third-party code.

If you redistribute modified sources, we would appreciate that you include in
the file ChangeLog history information documenting your changes.  Please read
the FAQ for more information on the distribution of modified source versions.








© 2026 The Qt Company Ltd.
   Documentation contributions included herein are the copyrights of
   their respective owners.     The documentation provided herein is licensed under the terms of the    GNU Free Documentation    License version 1.3 as published by the Free Software Foundation.     Qt and respective logos are     trademarks of The Qt Company Ltd. in Finland and/or other countries
   worldwide. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. 


                    

                
                
                    
                                            

                                    
            

        

    





    
        
            
                
                    
                    
                    
                

                
                    
                    
                    
                    
                

                
                        Contact Us
                


            

            
                

                        

  Qt Group
   
    Our Story

    Brand

    News

    Careers

    Investors

    Qt Products

    Software Quality Products

   

  Licensing
   
    License Agreement

    Open Source

    Plans and pricing

    Download

    FAQ

   

  Learn Qt
   
    For Learners

    For Students and Teachers

    Qt Documentation

    Qt Forum

   

  Support & Services
   
    Professional Services

    Customer Success

    Support Services

    Partners

    Qt World

   

 


      

   



        
            
                
                    
 
  © 2026 The Qt Company

  Feedback

 


                    Qt Group includes The Qt Company Oy and its global subsidiaries and affiliates.
